Update change log for V4 preview 1 changes. (#3448)
aws/aws-sdk-net: changelogs/SDK.CHANGELOG.2024.md

### 4.0.0.0-preview (2024-08-15 14:46 UTC)

* AWSSDK.Extensions.NETCore.Setup (4.0.0.0)
    * `DefaultClientConfig` in `AWSSDK.Extensions.NETCore.Setup` no longer extends from service client config base class `ClientConfig`. The service client config properties have been replicated on `DefaultClientConfig` using nullable value types to allow detecting when a value has been set on `DefaultClientConfig` when copying the values to the service client config being created for the service client.

> 	* Packages has been mark as trim safe for Native AOT compilation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	* Package has been marked as trim safe for Native AOT compilation.
```

Author: Fixed

    * Community [PR #3292](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-net/pull/3292) improving `AWSSDK.CopyTo` performance. Thanks [Daniel Marbach](https://github.com/danielmarbach)
    * Community [PR #3324](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-net/pull/3324) optimizing the AWS SigV4 signer. Thanks [Daniel Marbach](https://github.com/danielmarbach)
    * Community [PR #3363](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-net/pull/3363) improving `AWSSDKUtils.ParameterAsString` performance. Thanks [Daniel Marbach](https://github.com/danielmarbach)
    * Community [PR #3365](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-net/pull/3365) improving `AWSSDKUtils.DetermineService` performance. Thanks [Daniel Marbach](https://github.com/danielmarbach)
    * Community [PR #3307](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-net/pull/3307) Optimizing `AWSSDKUtils.UrlEncode` performance. Thanks [Daniel Marbach](https://github.com/danielmarbach)
    * Community [PR #3425](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-net/pull/3425) Avoid allocating byte[] when converting MemoryStream to String. Thanks [Paulo Morgado](https://github.com/paulomorgado)

> 

Reviewer: These extra lines (35-37) aren't needed, right? I don't see them in the `CHANGELOG.ALL` file.

Author: Removed
